-Previously on Marshals...
-[Kayce] I just haven't
seen you in a decade.
You were spinning out
pretty good last time I did.
Get off me.
Hey. You're good.
We both know who
Roner's death is on.
It was my dad's.
I carry it on the off chance
I ever meet his killer.
Family name doesn't
carry water anymore.
so you got to hide
behind a federal badge.
[Calvin]
Deputy Marshal Andrea Cruz
has been abducted.
Let's prep for a full assault
on Randall Clegg's compound.
And with one son dead. another
one facing life in prison.
he's got nothing to lose.
[gunfire]
♪ intense. dramatic music ♪
We're up against
too much firepower.
We're gonna have to pull back.
Can't leave Andrea behind.
Man. we're no good to her
dead. okay?
Everybody. go back
to the vehicles. Here we go.
Copy that.
[gunfire continues]
Moving.
-Let's go. Come on. let's go!
-Go!
Come on. let's go! Go.
Anybody hit? You good?
Had a whole platoon
hammering us.
How far are we falling back?
Look. head for that
old barn right there.
We got to reload
and hit 'em again.
Okay. none of us
want to leave Andrea.
but this is the best tactic.
Retreating is not a tactic.
♪ soaring. dynamic music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ dramatic music ♪
Okay. We're gonna stronghold
here. figure out our next move.
Cal. you're bleeding.
They move on us. we need to
build up our firing positions.
Let's get eyes up
on that target.
in case they send
anyone else our way.
[grunts softly]
They set up DFPs
all along the perimeter.
See at least ten armed
on that front line.
[Calvin over comms]
Copy that.
Okay. Need a mag check.
-see how much ammo we have left.
-Hold on. you're bleeding.
-Mag check. you heard me.
-[Belle] Cal.
Cal. stop it and put this on.
Okay. can we just.
can we just take a minute
to wrap our heads
around what just happened?
I'm focused
on what happens next.
Stop! We need to understand
the fight we are in
before we start prepping for it.
[sighs]
Okay. look.
we thought we were up against
an angry family
and a few hired guns
that attacked us earlier.
The ambush at the rodeo grounds.
grabbing Andrea.
seems like it was all designed
to lure us here.
Okay. Now we know
what we're up against.
[Belle] Yeah. but what is Andrea
up against in there?
[Miles]
Who are all those fighters?
-Where'd they come from?
-[Belle] Given the four
killed men at the rodeo ambush.
seems Clegg went far and wide
to recruit his crusaders.
I'm-a worry about who they are
after we put 'em down.
[Belle] I'll pass a sitrep
to our Fusion Center.
get FBI and local LEOs
looped in.
but before we attempt another
rescue on Andrea...
We'll need an army of our own.
[Calvin]
Any more questions?
Huh? Or can we do our damn jobs?
Clegg's men are digging in.
No sign they're prepping
for a counterassault.
'Cause Andrea's all he needs.
He has the initiative.
[Kayce] Digging trenches.
assembling firepower.
He's been preparing
for this fight.
[Calvin] Mm-hmm.
Yeah. we just needed
to take the bait.
which I obliged him.
It was the only call to make.
One of ours is in danger. we do
everything we can to save 'em.
It's why we got to roll out
our next wave.
First assault nearly got
our whole team wiped out.
We both know what inaction
leads to in these situations.
Hey. we got to get the ghosts
of Afghanistan out of our heads
if we're gonna get Dre
back safe.
Those aren't the ghosts
that got her into this.
The hell are you talking about?
Dutton curse.
Clegg's had it out
for my family for years.
and I put one of his sons
down hard.
so whatever happens to Andrea.
it's on me.
♪ tense music ♪
[lock clicking]
What's your name? I'm Andrea.
Look. we both heard
that gunfire.
There are people here
to rescue me.
It will be violent.
Okay. you. your baby.
you don't want
to be here for that.
[sighs]
They told me you would lie.
Try to get me
to betray my family.
Now. hold still.
so I can do this.
They want me to blend in
with the women?
Because they're
gonna use the women--
you. your baby--
as their shield.
Listen to me!
[sighs]
Do we have a plan?
Gifford's on his way here.
along with the SAC
from the Bureau.
The FBI's gonna plus us up?
They'll be lead on this.
HRT TAC team's flying in from
Salt Lake City to do the rescue.
We're just gonna
hand over the reins?
It's our teammate in there.
We should be running point.
It's not my call.
We can't just sit and wait.
We need to be coming up with
a plan. even if we don't run it.
Whatever we can do from here.
Let's glass and map the target.
you know? Draw up an infil.
Trying to crack
an impossible infil.
This would be his time to shine.
What the hell
are you talking about?
Garrett.
Airstrip in Ramadi.
prison in J-Bad?
He always found a way
in or around.
Those recon skills would really
help us crack the nut here.
He's a civilian.
So was I till you
stuck a badge on me.
Deputize him.
Double G's way too shaky
to be thrown back into the fire.
Give him a chance to be useful.
You know?
Get back some of the purpose he
lost when you took his Trident.
I don't owe him anything.
I'm not saying we put
a gun in his hand.
but just let him help us
with the X's and O's.
Yeah. and what if he
gets it wrong?
Hmm? You know.
makes a call or. uh.
a mistake we all
got to live with?
All his struggles
happened inside the wire.
But outside.
when was he ever wrong?
[phone buzzing]
You say Clegg is doing this
all because of you?
Then focus on saving Dre.
not Double G.
Yeah. talk to me.
You hear any
of what Cal and Kayce
were talking about down there?
Enough to know that
they're half here
and half in some old war zone.
If those memories are gonna
jeopardize saving Andrea.
we need to squash it.
You and Cal got that whole
work-spouse thing going.
Use it.
Remember that benching we got?
Connection's a bit
frayed lately.
So patch it up.
Andrea's counting on us.
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
[neck cracking]
Hey.
Hey. You still
mapping the target?
Trying to pin down where
everyone's at. including you.
I'm worried your head
has been somewhere else.
My head's focused on saving Dre.
Okay.
Cal. I've never lost a teammate.
And I know you and Kayce have.
more than once.
so maybe that's why
you seem to be
in a different place with this
than Miles and me.
but if we are gonna
bring her home.
the four of us.
we need to be in sync.
Y'all got to see this.
Clegg's livestreaming.
[Randall] ...this poison. that
springs from Washington. D.C.
and seeps into every corner
of this once-great land
has tormented me and my family.
Taken my livelihood.
Murdered my son.
Today. federal agents
invaded my land.
I was forced to defend myself.
It is time we take a stand.
With my brave allies by my side.
we will win this war.
♪ dramatic music ♪
So. Special Agent Woods and I
spent the drive
from Helena trying to explain
to D.C. how you let a man
build Montana's
newest military installation
right under your nose.
Okay. well. why-why don't you
ask your G-man here. all right?
Huh? Or ATF?
Right? 'Cause we're the ones
who took Randall Clegg's sons
-off the board.
-Yeah. well.
he's raising his profile today.
Yeah. his stream's gone viral.
Half a million views.
at last count.
[Gifford] Yeah.
man's created a media frenzy
before any news vans
have even arrived on the scene!
[Woods]
Spotlight on this. people start
seeing the next Waco
or Ruby Ridge disaster.
which. in turn. could spark
another Oklahoma City.
Yeah. well. I'm less concerned
about optics than tactics.
like how we're gonna get
Deputy Cruz out of there. stat.
[Woods]
Well. Clegg's not responding to
our negotiator's
attempt to talk.
so all else fails.
TAC team's 90 minutes out.
Double G?
Who the hell's this?
It's a. uh. proven operator
we brought in to consult.
[Gifford] Oh. so you're
bringing in reinforcements
off the streets?
It's all hands on deck.
Even the shaky ones.
I'll get you read in.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Are you a U.S. Marshal
or are you the chairman of
the Frogman Reunion Committee?
[Calvin] Look. Garrett
is just here to help us
prep for a rescue mission
that we'll execute
once the TAC team touches down.
Well. it better be bulletproof
'cause the whole world
is watching.
This is what we got
on the target.
everything we could glass
from here.
Don't have a drone up?
Making do with the bare minimum.
Need you to help turn this
into an infil plan.
Work your old magic.
Hooyah. Coyo.
So you knew Kayce was
bringing in your old teammate?
Need to use all the tools
we have.
[scoffs] Well. realize I'm not a
member of the SEAL brotherhood.
but I may have found a way
to get some intel.
Clegg has a daughter-- Stacy.
Twenty-three. local.
and judging by her socials.
she's cut ties with the family.
Her resentment could be
our greatest resource.
She grew up on the property.
She may know
the lay of the land.
like where her dad
has-has got Dre.
Old wounds can be weaponized.
Okay. make it happen.
I thought I killed this idea?
You saw the message from Clegg.
It's not a negotiation.
We need to find a way inside.
We're working with a massive
blind spot in all this.
There's no intel around the
entire backside of the property.
No idea if he's got guns buried
around the full perimeter.
Or he's got
all his firepower in front.
so he left a weak spot
'round back to exploit.
I smell rabbit holes.
You say this guy Clegg does
rock-blasting for mines?
There's a good chance he dug
some tunnels on his own property
in case of a bugout.
Find one of those.
we could warp zone
straight to his living room.
Team Three pulled
the same thing in Fallujah.
Yeah. remind you.
we are not in Fallujah.
[Kayce]
Garrett and I can do some recon.
get a look.
set up a surveillance camera.
No. you're not stepping foot
near target.
We'll keep our distance.
we'll stay invisible.
I'm good at being a ghost.
eh. Cal?
That's all we need
is another bad war story. Yo.
If there is any hint of contact.
you bail.
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
[panting] You're with me. Dad.
telling me not to panic.
No point panicking 'cause
there's always a way to fight.
[grunting]
[crashing]
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
[zip tie snaps]
-This is a blast from the past.
-Huh?
Two of us pulling recon.
Things circle back.
It's more like
a run on repeat for me.
Maybe getting Andrea back's a
shot at atonement for all of us.
Yeah. one thing
the shrinks got right.
I'm better
if I'm looking forward.
[Stacy sighs]
What do you want from me?
I haven't talked
to my old man in years.
I don't know what he's doing.
I understand that. You're
not in any sort of trouble.
But you send cops out
to my work to drag me out here?
We need your help.
Your father. with some people.
took a U.S. Marshal.
I heard on the news.
I don't talk to him.
that's what you're asking for.
No. but you did grow up in
there. and you know the place.
That's why I don't
come out this way.
[breathes sharply]
So. 'less you're gonna charge me
with obstruction or something?
You know the place
I ran from when I was 18?
I wouldn't go within
a hundred miles of it.
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
You're braver than me.
Different type of house.
different type
of haunting. maybe.
But I know what
it must've taken for you
to claw your way out of there.
Help my friend do the same.
[door creaking]
[screams]
[knife clatters]
[choking]
[whispers]
What are their numbers?
[phone beeping]
Oh. come on.
Kayce. you have about 20 meters
before you're out
of my line of sight.
Copy that. We'll push on.
Makes sense you'd want Garrett.
War's got to forge a trust
that's hard to find
with anyone else.
Trust isn't permanent.
Told you. I didn't
know Maddie was--
Yeah. we're not talking
about that here.
No dug-in
firing positions back here.
just a couple guys on foot.
[Garrett] Everything
we dreamed it would be.
Forget tunnels. infil
on this side will be easy day.
Let's get closer. rig a cam.
so we can keep eyes on.
♪♪♪
[panting]
[line rings]
[operator]
911. What's your emergency?
This is Deputy
U.S. Marshal Andrea Cruz.
I can't talk. but just
stay on the line. listen.
and don't say a word.
♪ exciting. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
[gasps]
Somebody's coming out
of that main house.
Okay. Kayce. you have
two armed suspects
patrolling your way.
Do you copy? You have two
incoming from the south.
♪ intense. dramatic music ♪
You had any range time?
It's not exactly
a perk of psych wards.
Never really leaves you.
though. does it?
No. it does not.
[Kayce]
Cal. they're still incoming.
Need some help here.
I knew I shouldn't have let them
out of my sight.
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
Don't got to see 'em
to help 'em.
[distant gunfire]
[Calvin]
You're clear.
We're RTB.
That diversion tactic
just saved their asses.
Think you can trust me now?
Just stay on overwatch.
♪♪♪
[Belle]
All right. we've got audio.
We're patched into the call.
Audio of what?
Uh. Deputy Marshal Cruz somehow
found a phone and called 911.
Haven't heard her voice yet.
but the line is still open.
Ping it to her location?
[sighs] It's hard to
narrow it down in the compound.
Okay. well.
we're in their playbook now.
so I need a sitrep
on everything we got.
Well. Stacy ID'd the backdrop
of her dad's video
as the basement
in the main house.
Other than that.
said the man is sadistic.
Used to punish her amongst
the rotted animals
in the tanning shed.
Hey.
Your trek good for anything more
than stripping ten years
off my life?
Backside of the property's
a soft target.
just a few roaming guns.
We set a cam to surveil.
Okay. No sign of Dre?
No.
-Hey.
Why don't you take a break
for a minute.
Get some fresh air.
I'll listen for Andrea.
I'm good.
Still gonna tell me
whatever's going on
with that neck is nothing?
Forget about
the work boundaries.
What is going on?
You were right earlier.
Yeah. my head has been
somewhere else.
and so has Kayce's.
We're just both
trying to fix history
we're afraid of repeating.
History that happened
with Garrett?
[Randall over phone] Thought
you'd slither out of here?
♪ suspenseful music ♪
Stabbing one of my guys
in the back.
See you fight like a Dutton.
Just trying to get a better view
of your lovely home.
Yellow accent wall's
a nice touch.
Is that a spruce outside?
-Beautiful tree.
-She's feeding us her location.
Tongue is almost
as sharp as this.
What do you want
from all this? Money?
I work for my money.
Or I used to. at least.
before the government
turned their back on those who
dirtied their hands
building this country.
Attention. then?
I'm sure you've got it now.
People hear your story.
they'll feel for you.
Losing one son.
another locked up.
They'll get why you're angry.
And when you let me walk
out of here. you'll be a hero.
[Randall]
You got as much chance
of walking out of here
as my son--
who Kayce Dutton murdered--
has of walking back in.
He wasn't murdered.
He shot innocent people.
Made a bad choice.
You can make a good one.
I already made my choice.
The government stopped
standing up for the people.
Let me demonstrate to you
what happens
when people
stop fighting for me.
No. no. Randall!
[Randall]
You got one thing right.
My fight.
it's getting
the attention it warrants.
And soon.
you will help me
remind my audience
that revolution
is a struggle to the death.
Shut her up.
[Belle]
He just killed one of his own.
There is no way
he's gonna let Andrea survive.
We need to move.
TAC team's still 40 minutes out.
Then we got to go without 'em.
All right. Stacy Clegg
confirmed that there is a den
on the first floor of the house.
northwest corner.
with a yellow wall
and a spruce outside.
Andrea's last known 20.
Cam's still showing
weak security in the back.
Then that's where we'll breach.
[Gifford]
People may be getting riled up
about this livestream.
but we have no evidence
that escalation is imminent.
He just threatened to kill Dre
to start his own revolution.
The head shed in D.C. is
all over my ass to deconflict.
Deconflict? Harry. Clegg is in
this too deep to back down now.
[sighs] We need
to consider the optics.
Dre is in the crosshairs.
and you're thinking
about headlines?
Headlines?
The president is holed up
in his residence
watching this madman
in real time.
There's time to negotiate.
We still don't know
what Clegg wants.
This is what he wants.
This. okay?
A platform to deliver his own
brand of frontier justice
by publicly executing
a U.S. Marshal.
If you act unilaterally.
you own this entire mess.
I will turn that chopper around.
and I was never here.
Oh. how is that for "Fidelity.
Bravery. and Integrity."
That is my marshal in there.
Hey. you want to hit the road
with her. hmm?
Get your distance? Be my guest.
Now's your chance.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Rifle. scope.
I'll cover your insolent asses.
[Calvin]
Rifle's upstairs.
And remember. boss.
shoot out the barrel end.
Yeah. Just get Cruz back.
I may not like her wobbling jaw.
but she's the best of us.
[Calvin] Okay. so Gifford's
on overwatch. Let's roll.
You know.
four against 20's no joke.
One more rifle couldn't hurt.
That is not what he is here for.
We're reunited.
got a teammate in need.
It feels like
he's here for a reason.
Team's only as strong
as its weakest member. Coyo.
and we both know Double G's
carrying a lot more
than a rifle downrange.
Andrea's life's on the line.
You sure you're comfortable
leaving a round in the chamber?
[speaking indistinctly]
♪ suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
You good?
What's the holdup. Coyo?
I don't trust Gifford
on overwatch.
I need you to have our backs
when we're out there.
I got your six down here.
Need you to RTB.
You made the right call.
[speaking indistinctly]
We're outnumbered before
we even get to the door.
Wait 'em out?
See if they move off?
[Belle]
She can't afford us waiting.
Hold here.
I'll go turn some heads.
♪♪♪
Cal. move to the house
when this thing blows.
I'll catch up.
[grunting]
[straining. choking]
[shouting indistinctly]
We need to breach.
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
[knife clatters]
[gunshots]
Belle. take point.
[both grunting]
[Andrea grunting]
Come here. [grunts]
Cal. I'm moving on your pos.
[Garrett]
Coyo. this is Knife.
I got two suspects
between you and your target.
Hook wide right and around.
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
Copy.
-[gunshot]
-[grunts]
[gunfire]
[both grunting]
♪♪♪
[Miles]
All right. hold.
[grunts]
You ain't getting off that easy.
Clear that weapon.
Come on.
Let's go.
[man over radio]
Sovereign. what's your sitrep?
House is clear.
-[handcuffs clicking]
-[groans]
[Calvin]
Okay.
Now. you tell your men
to drop their weapons. Come on.
Come on. come on.
You don't want 'em
bogarting your martyrdom.
do you? Huh?
[panting] This is Sovereign.
All stand down.
-Okay. Get him up.
-[grunts]
I got you.
Kayce. where are the others?
Are they okay?
[Kayce]
Yeah. they're good.
One Hotel Lima. She's with me.
[Calvin]
Hooyah. Roger that.
[grunts]
-Let's get you home.
-[sighs]
That's a long way from here.
♪ quiet. dramatic music ♪
You know. a real man
would've come for me directly.
I don't take lectures on manhood
from a family that thinks power
comes from land and badges.
I really wish my father
was still around.
so he could see Montana
rid itself of the Cleggs.
You may have wiped out my kin.
but my family tree
has blossomed today.
And unlike the Duttons.
my legacy is growing.
[Calvin]
Okay. bud. Come on.
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[quiet chatter]
[Calvin]
Hey.
I shouldn't have left you alone.
For a delivery?
Let yourself off the hook. boss.
Thank you. for fighting for me.
[vehicle doors opening. closing]
[engine starts]
I'm not officially
part of the team.
so you can't kick me off it.
Look. you helped us avoid
the worst today.
Thank you.
Roner still haunts me. too.
And as messed up as that was.
you know. it's sometimes
easier to accept
than what went down between us.
I know what you mean. boss.
[softly] Okay.
Thank you. Stacy.
Is there anything you need?
New last name?
Clegg'll be an even dirtier word
than it was before.
Leave here.
Get so far away
that none of it-- the name.
the things they've done--
can find you.
Make a life for yourself.
instead of against all this.
Thank you.
Let's get you out of here.
Miles.
Let's take her to the car.
[Gifford]
Nerve of you.
Served you well today.
Suppose what I mistook in you
as recklessness
may be fearlessness.
Not a bad trait in a lawman.
with the right guidance.
That's called an olive branch.
I realize that's a rare sight
on Dutton land.
About as rare as caring
what people think about us.
[sighs]
You had our backs today.
That mattered.
Guess you had somebody
helping you out in there.
[sighs] We made it. Dad.
[Belle]
Wow.
Who knew the Lone Ranger
had such a knack for hosting.
Charcuterie and everything.
That's the
special occasion jerky.
Monica put those up.
She was proud.
You ever tell her about it?
I mean. about all of it?
No. I didn't want to
fill her head with that stuff.
Yeah. wish we had that option.
Sorry for how it went
for you out there.
Getting pulled from the action.
I'm not.
I don't miss it.
I still get plenty to wake up
screaming at night.
What I miss
is what you got here.
room full of teammates that'd
do anything for each other.
Well. you got me. brother.
That's why
I ain't leaving. brother.
♪ gentle music ♪
[Andrea] Hey. Double G.
is this venue big enough
for you to play for me?
No. I'm not the star
of the show tonight. That's you.
[chuckles] Really? You're
gonna say no to your muse?
Ah. come on. Double G.
[Andrea laughs]
Woman just went toe-to-toe
with Randall Clegg.
Really think she's gonna
back down from you?
I guess who am I to say no
to the lady of the hour?
But I do sound a whole lot
better out under the stars.
[Belle]
How's that neck?
I'm fine. I told you.
Yeah? Then what happened
back at the op?
I just. I tweaked it
when we first took contact.
Whatever's going on...
...you can talk to me.
Well. let's just enjoy
the victory.
[guitar playing]
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ I'd be watching your eyes turn
from brown to hazel right now ♪
♪ Way they did
on the front porch swing ♪
♪ When the sky turned red ♪
♪ Watching the sun go down ♪
♪ Be a field full of fireflies ♪
♪ Watching this lost time
making up ♪
♪ You'd be in my arms.
we'd still be in love ♪
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ I would blink and we'd
disappear somewhere somehow ♪
♪ Have a little bit
of red wine poured ♪
♪ Into coffee cups
watching the stars come out ♪
♪ We'd have
an Al Green record on ♪
♪ Dance a little
by the fireplace ♪
♪ We'd make our love.
and we'd just lay ♪
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ "My Way"
by Riley Green playing ♪
♪ Call me up and say
I need you now ♪
♪ And I can't go another day ♪
♪ Say you're all
I ever think about ♪
♪ Now. I'd give anything
to see your face ♪
♪ You'd say I miss you ♪
♪ I'd say I don't know
how much more I can take ♪
♪ You'd say I'm on my way ♪
Do you want to be alone?
♪ If I had it my way ♪
No.
You?
Can I ask you something?
♪ If I had it my way... ♪
When you were in that house.
did you make it to the door?
Get it open?
You saw me?
No. but I had a feeling.
♪ On the living room couch ♪
♪ Have a John Wayne western on ♪
Cowboy getting all cosmic on me.
♪ That we weren't
watching anyway ♪
♪ Girl. I swear I would... ♪
Bet you don't have stars
like this back east.
No.
Also don't have people
kidnapping me back east.
Fair.
♪ If I had it my way ♪
Jury's still out
on this place. but...
as long as I'm here. I'm glad
it's on a team with you.
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ I would just lean in
and kiss your lips right now ♪
♪ intense. percussive music ♪